change: Improve results from admin API while GET all plugins (#9580)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/admin-api.md

The Plugin ({plugin_name}) of the data structure.

### Request Arguments

| Name      | Description                   | Default |
| --------- | ----------------------------- | ------- |
| subsystem | The subsystem of the Plugins. | http    |

> The plugin can be filtered on subsystem so that the ({plugin_name}) is searched in the subsystem passed through query params. Note that this query parameter is not available on `/apisix/admin/plugins/list`

Reviewer: this query parameter is not available on `/apisix/admin/plugins/list`?
I think it's supported on `/apisix/admin/plugins/list`?

Author: It wasn't present present previously and was later added in the pull request. I removed the later comment.

:::tip

> You can use the `/apisix/admin/plugins?all=true` API to get all properties of all plugins. The query param `?all=true` will be deprecated soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `/apisix/admin/plugins?all=true` API to get all properties of all plugins. This API will be deprecated soon.
```
